readme.md, before:

# jepsen-lab #

jepsen-lab is a tool to make creating an environment in order to run [Jepsen][1] on AWS. It sets up all of
the required servers and installs Jepsen's requirements. It does this using [Terraform][2].

[1]:https://github.com/aphyr/jepsen
[2]:https://www.terraform.io

# Usage #

## Requirements ##

You'll need [Terraform][2] installed. You'll also need an AWS account with one of your ssh keys
uploaded to aws. You'll also need your aws access key and secret access key.

Generate ssh key for control `ssh-keygen -f control -N ""`. Placeholder to figure out a better way.

## Running ##

1. Clone this repository
2. Run `terraform apply`. Terraform will prompt you for the values that it needs:
  a. The name of the ssh key that you have uploaded to aws. This is what it is called on aws.
  b. Your aws access key / secret access key if you don't have the standard environment variables
     set.
  c. The path to the previously mentioned key, this time the private key. (this is used for
     provisioning)
3. Wait while it configures all of the servers
4. ssh as `admin` into the provided ip address
5. Clone the [Jepsen][1] repository wherever you'd like
6. You'll need to modify the tests which you want to run by adding this:

```clojure
:ssh {:username "admin"
      :private-key-path "~/.ssh/id_rsa"}
```

If you're running the rabbitmq test, it will look something like this:

```clojure
(deftest rabbit-test
  (let [test (run!
               (assoc
                 noop-test
                 :name       "rabbitmq-simple-partition"
                 :os         debian/os
                 :ssh {:username "admin"
                       :private-key-path "~/.ssh/id_rsa"}
                 :db         db
                 :client     (queue-client)
                 :nemesis    (nemesis/partition-random-halves)
                 :model      (model/unordered-queue)
                 :checker    (checker/compose
                               {:queue       checker/queue
                                :total-queue checker/total-queue})
                 :generator  (gen/phases
                               (->> (gen/queue)
                                    (gen/delay 1/10)
                                    (gen/nemesis
                                      (gen/seq
                                        (cycle [(gen/sleep 60)
                                                {:type :info :f :start}
                                                (gen/sleep 60)
                                                {:type :info :f :stop}])))
                                    (gen/time-limit 360))
                               (gen/nemesis
                                 (gen/once {:type :info, :f :stop}))
                               (gen/log "waiting for recovery")
                               (gen/sleep 60)
                               (gen/clients
                                 (gen/each
                                   (gen/once {:type :invoke
                                              :f    :drain}))))))]
    (is (:valid? (:results test)))))
```

After all of that setup, its just a matter of running `lein test` from the correct directory.

Commit message:

extract variables definitions into `vars.tf`, introduce `input.vars`
also extracts instance type and ami into vars

readme.md, after:

# jepsen-lab #

jepsen-lab is a tool to make creating an environment in order to run [Jepsen][1] on AWS. It sets up all of
the required servers and installs Jepsen's requirements. It does this using [Terraform][2].

[1]:https://github.com/aphyr/jepsen
[2]:https://www.terraform.io

# Usage #

## Requirements ##

You'll need [Terraform][2] installed. You'll also need an AWS account with one of your ssh keys
uploaded to aws. You'll also need your aws access key and secret access key.

Generate ssh key for control `ssh-keygen -f control -N ""`. Placeholder to figure out a better way.

## Running ##

1. Clone this repository
2. Copy `input.vars.example` to `input.vars` and edit as necessary
2. Run `terraform apply -var-file=input.vars`. Terraform will prompt you for
   any values that it needs, e.g.:
  a. The name of the ssh key that you have uploaded to aws. This is what it is
     called on aws. `aws_keypair_name` in `input.vars`
  b. Your aws access key / secret access key if you don't have the standard environment variables
     set. We suggest seting up `aws` CLI tools and set yor credentials in `~/.aws/credentials`
  c. The path to the previously mentioned key, this time the private key. (this is used for
     provisioning) `aws_keypair_private_key_path` in `input.vars`
3. Wait while it configures all of the servers
4. ssh as `admin` into the provided ip address
5. Clone the [Jepsen][1] repository wherever you'd like
6. You'll need to modify the tests which you want to run by adding this:

```clojure
:ssh {:username "admin"
      :private-key-path "~/.ssh/id_rsa"}
```

If you're running the rabbitmq test, it will look something like this:

```clojure
(deftest rabbit-test
  (let [test (run!
               (assoc
                 noop-test
                 :name       "rabbitmq-simple-partition"
                 :os         debian/os
                 :ssh {:username "admin"
                       :private-key-path "~/.ssh/id_rsa"}
                 :db         db
                 :client     (queue-client)
                 :nemesis    (nemesis/partition-random-halves)
                 :model      (model/unordered-queue)
                 :checker    (checker/compose
                               {:queue       checker/queue
                                :total-queue checker/total-queue})
                 :generator  (gen/phases
                               (->> (gen/queue)
                                    (gen/delay 1/10)
                                    (gen/nemesis
                                      (gen/seq
                                        (cycle [(gen/sleep 60)
                                                {:type :info :f :start}
                                                (gen/sleep 60)
                                                {:type :info :f :stop}])))
                                    (gen/time-limit 360))
                               (gen/nemesis
                                 (gen/once {:type :info, :f :stop}))
                               (gen/log "waiting for recovery")
                               (gen/sleep 60)
                               (gen/clients
                                 (gen/each
                                   (gen/once {:type :invoke
                                              :f    :drain}))))))]
    (is (:valid? (:results test)))))
```

After all of that setup, its just a matter of running `lein test` from the correct directory.
